Antivirus Scanner:Protection Cloud Technology:PUA Shield:Award-winning protection from malware (viruses, Trojans, worms, etc.)Scans unknown files in real time for malware and exploits.Identifies potentially unwanted applicationsHidden programs bundled with other software. They display ads, slow down your PC and redirect you to other websites.hidden within legitimate software. Connected Home Monitor-Renamed from "Home Network Protection" and added a new feature to scan router-connected IoT devices (Internet of Things) to test for vulnerabilities such as weak passwords, open ports and known services.UEFI Scanner-Proactive scanning that runs in the background and only notifies you if a problem is detected.License Manager-New feature added to my.eset.com that allows you to view and manage your licenses and connected devices.License Manager-New feature added to my.eset.com that allows you to view and manage your licenses and connected devices.License Manager-New feature added to my.eset.com that allows you to view and manage your licenses and connected devices. Application upgrade in the background mode has been improved. You no longer have to accept the terms of the End User License Agreement again during the upgrade unless those terms have been changed. Mail Anti-Virus has been improved. The default level of heuristic analysis has been increased to mediumKaspersky Anti-Virus 2017 provides the following new features:Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2017 provides the following new features:Mail Anti-Virus has been improved. The default level of heuristic analysis has been increased to medium Threat-removal Layer - Targets and eliminates hard-to-remove threats less sophisticated products often miss.Always up-to-date Product Version - Norton automatically sends you important product and feature updates throughout the year. The latest version installs without you needing to do anything.FREE 24x7 Support - Offers you expert help and answers by phone, live chat or online, whenever you need them.1NEW:FREE 24x7 Support - Offers you expert help and answers by phone, live chat or online, whenever you need them. Performance improvements and fixes for the FG-VD-17-019 vulnerability reported by Fortinet's FortiGuard LabsNEW:Performance improvements and fixes for the FG-VD-17-019 vulnerability reported by Fortinet's FortiGuard Labs30-day trial period Nag screenMain Program updated to 6.9.5.2956, FastScan to 6.9.5.1356.New: added detection for malware using Explorer.exe to automatically launch web pages.Fix: if a Scheduled Task was detected loading malware, the Scheduled Task was not being correctly deleted (although the loading malware would still have been disabled correctly).Helpfile updates.NEW:Helpfile updates. Subscription and Device Management integrated in the product. Users can now manage their subscriptions (product management through My Account, Renewal and Upsell areas), as well as their anti-theft protection (My Devices area) from their products.Fully compatibles with the NEW Windows 10 Anniversary Update.Engine improvements for better protection and performance.ANTIVIRUS PRO:Engine improvements for better protection and performance.Bug fixes:Basic protection only. Advanced features are available in AVG Internet Security and AVG Ultimate. Fixed Payment protection (Fake Website Shield component) , which was disabled after clean installation sometimes.Bug fixes:Fixed Payment protection (Fake Website Shield component) , which was disabled after clean installation sometimes. Russian anti-virus company Doctor Web has updated Dr.Web Anti-rootkit API (11.1.5.201607180), Dr.Web Scanning Engine 11.1.2.201608020) and the virus databases in its Dr.Web CureIt! utility.The update resolves an issue that caused the scanner to freeze if the utility was started using the option 'Run as'.Bug fixes:The update resolves an issue that caused the scanner to freeze if the utility was started using the option 'Run as'. Entertainment mode has been introduced. Using Entertainmentmode you will be able to play games, watch movies and use anyentertainment software without any interference by Quick Healand without reducing security of your computer.Bug fixes:and without reducing security of your computer.Several modules (Anti-Tracking, Camera Guard, USB Disk Guard, Malicious Action) are disabledAnti-ransomware engine cannot be activatedThe Bitdefender engine cannot be activatedAuto Scan is disabledAuto Update is disabled. Optimized scan engine to repair the occasional scan errors for smoother scan.Added optimization for User Account Control, Windows SmartScreen, and Windows Update under Security Reinforce.Expanded database to remove the latest threats including Tabs 2 Grid, WinThruster, and Dolphin Deals.Improved multiple languages.Bug fixes:Improved multiple languages. New and improved features:1000 machines limitNag screen Administrative rights on the local computerEnabled NetBIOS over TCP/IPEnabled File and Printer sharingEnabled access to the ADMIN$ shareAn ability to ping the computer within 1500 msStarted services: Computer Browser, Remote RegistryTCP ports opened: 135, 139, 445UDP ports opened: 137, 138The program user interface was changed to allow using UI skins. Now you can choose a preferred skin to change the way how the program looks.New and improved features:The program user interface was changed to allow using UI skins. Now you can choose a preferred skin to change the way how the program looks.30 days trial. F-Secure's Real-time Protection Network is an online service which provides rapid response against Internet-based threats.The Real-time Protection Network uses reputation services to obtain information about the latest Internet threats. You can help us develop the service further by contributing detailed information, such as sources of intrusive programs or messages, and behavioral and statistical analysis of the use of the computer and the Internet.New and improved features:The Real-time Protection Network uses reputation services to obtain information about the latest Internet threats. You can help us develop the service further by contributing detailed information, such as sources of intrusive programs or messages, and behavioral and statistical analysis of the use of the computer and the Internet.