Smart homes have a wide variety of electronic and electrical devices which include lights, thermostats, blinds and fire detection sensors, security devices such as cameras, white goods such as washing machines, communication devices such as phones and entertainment devices such as televisions.  The Smart Home system is designed to coordinate the behaviour of the devices to fulfil complex tasks automatically. The system also enables the inhabitants to visualize and control the status of the devices from a common user interface. Access control to some rooms may be required. The inhabitants can be authenticated by means of a PIN introduced in a keypad, passing an identification card by a card reader, or touching a fingerprint reader.  Inhabitants must be able to adjust the heater of the house to their preferred value.  Heaters can be in Celsius or in Fahrenheit. Additionally, heater control will adjust itself automatically to save energy. The daily schedule of each inhabitant is stored in the Smart Home gateway. In the periods of the day when the house is empty, the heater is disconnected and reconnected with enough time to reach the desired temperature when the inhabitants come back home. If a window is opened or closed, the heater control will take it into account to adjust itself. If the opening of a window would suppose a high energy consumption, because, for instance, the heater is trying to increase the room temperature and it is too cold outside, the inhabitants will be notified through the GUI.  Also, the Smart Home could choose to open or close windows to regulate the temperature inside the house. There are different types of graphical user interfaces (GUIs). These can be touch screens inside the house, mobile phones, or through a website available in the internet.  These interfaces allow monitoring and managing the different devices of the smart home. Inhabitants must be able to switch on/off and adjust the intensity of the different lights placed in a room. The adjustment can be performed specifying an intensity value or selecting a predefined value according to the current activities performed by the inhabitants, such as: watching TV, reading, sleeping, or during a night party. Besides, lights will be automatically switched on/off depending on several factors. If there is not natural light outside the house, the lights will be automatically switched on. Each time an inhabitant enters a room where there is not illumination enough, lights are automatically switched on, unless the room is in sleep mode which means that the inhabitants in the room may be sleeping. Presence simulation is activated when the inhabitants are in vacations or out of the house for long periods of time. This performs actions at certain times each day to give the impression that somebody is at home. The actions, like switching on and off lights or music, or opening and closing the blinds, can be determined by the inhabitants and are executed automatically. Fire control is responsible for identifying the presence of fire or smoke inside the home. When the Smart Home identifies a possible fire occurrence (based on smoke or temperature elevation), it emits an alarm, turns on the sprinklers, notifies the inhabitant through all the installed GUIs, and also sends an alarm to the fire department and/or other emergency group.  Finally, the system unlocks all doors and windows.  